added 2 new snap sync pages (#525)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/builders/node-operators/tutorials/testnet.mdx

Unlike OP Mainnet, OP Sepolia does not require a migrated data directory.
Instead, like with Ethereum, you'll simply need to initialize the data directory with the OP Sepolia genesis file.

<Callout>

> The genesis file is **not required** for nodes using [snap sync](/builders/node-operators/management/snap-sync), so modified instructions are provided at that step.

Reviewer: hmm, in this case it may be required if it's not a named network

Author: tried to address this in the callout and the related step

> The genesis file **may not be required** for nodes using [snap sync](/builders/node-operators/management/snap-sync) and other specific use cases, so modified instructions are provided at that step.

Reviewer: The genesis file **is not** required for users that set `--op-network=op-sepolia` on op-geth.

See https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/docs/pull/531 for my suggestions on this file. I think it we can cut a lot from this tutorial.

Author: this page updated per #531

{<h3>Download the genesis file</h3>}

*   For nodes using snap sync: Set `--op-network=op-sepolia` flag on `op-geth`

> *   For all other nodes: download the genesis file from the OP Sepolia networks page

Reviewer: For OP Sepolia, no node ever needs the genesis file, they can just use the `--op-network=op-sepolia` flag

Author: fixed

The JSON-RPC API will become available on port 8545.
Refer to the `op-geth` [configuration documentation](../management/configuration#op-geth) for more detailed information about available options.

> <Callout type="warning"> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info"> 
```

> *   Set `syncmode=EL` on `op-node` if you don't set `syncmode=full` here on op-geth.
> *   For archive nodes, set `syncmode=full` and `gcmode=archive`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Set `--syncmode=execution-layer` on `op-node` if you don't set `--syncmode=full` here on op-geth.
*   For archive nodes, set `--syncmode=full` and `--gcmode=archive` on `op-geth`. 
```

*   The default settings are for full nodes.
</Callout>

```bash
./build/bin/geth \

>   --http \

Reviewer: Need to remove `  --nodiscover \
  --syncmode=full \
  --maxpeers=0 \` from this

Author: done

  accidentally expose admin controls to the public internet.
</Callout>

<Callout type="info">

> Sync mode should be set to `syncmode=EL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync mode should be set to `--syncmode=execution-layer`.
```
